hey guys Brixton Lussier this is Melissa
and we're back with another iMovie
tutorial number six this time and it's
how to add background music and change
the overall volume of it
um one quick problem that I had was I
recorded without audio so I'm recording
this voice over after so I hope I get
everything so first we can do is create
a project from that little plus button
and we're just going to call it iMovie
six because I need my get project
anyways um leave everything and just
press create so we have a new project
the first thing you want to do is add
some pictures so we can just go to
iPhoto here uh this one and yeah we went
to the zoo so these are some pictures we
took a beautiful rhinoceros start off
with what we pick next ugly hippo I
think I don't know and then a zebra or
zebra whatever you want to call it we
call zebras here but I like calling a
z-buffer fun and of course a really cute
guy here like I love this vector so we
have our pictures now and if we play it
you know it's a slideshow the pictures
are moving but it's a bit boring without
audio so we're gonna go press this
little a music note button looking thing
um yeah and that opens the music section
sorry I thought what to say there okay
if you want to add more sound effects or
stuff like that you can check back on my
channel later and I'll do a tutorial on
that but we're going to go to a garage
band here and we're going to actually
grab a song that I've been working on
with a friend it's music parody if you
want to check it out you can go check
out our channel anyways we're gonna pick
it here a speed of light for and we're
going to drag it until you see the
screen background and you're just going
to drop it in and that's the music
should be playing here in just a second
and you can't hear it right of course
anyway so we have it playing there it's
not I mean it's great now we have
background noise and it's all great but
let's say we want one part of the song
to go over the first bit in either
particular than other bits we're just in
the deleted there just press on it and
press Delete then we're going to grab
speed of light here don't drop it there
this time we're going to put it over the
video like right here so you don't see a
green background and we're
just going to drop it right there and
then it sounds the same but it's over
the whole thing so what we can do is
grab the end and drag it in to as far as
you want it so we want over two pictures
so you leave it right at that and it's
playing over those two pictures so we
want a different song over the rest of
the part it's part so we're going to go
and grab it again cuz I want it or a
different song um I believe I'm going to
grab I forget when I want it okay I'm
gonna grab a different song that I have
there and I want to play over that part
there I just click and drop it the same
way again drop it on the picture not
when the whole green background shows up
so you can just double double click on
it and now we're just in the audio so
what you do is double click on it and
this will pop up you press audio over up
there and you can just adjust it it's
really simple you should be able to
figure it out if you can't leave a
comment and I can help you further on
one quick thing before I end this video
um a new iMovie just came out so I think
I might be doing tutorials over that
instead I'm not sure I think that is it
so again I gave any questions I did
record this later so you have any
questions that I missed something or
mess something up just let me know in
the comment section below and I'll get
back to you as soon as possible don't
forget to subscribe so you won't miss
another episode and so you can learn
more about iMovie and check out or my
music parody the teaser is up right now
and the full version is coming out
November 5 thanks so much guys see you
guys later
runaway microphone